[ext-doc] Convert XMLHttpRequest to fetch() (#6306)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/mv3/security/index.md

Limiting an extensions privileges limits what a potential attacker can exploit.

### Cross-origin fetch() {: #xhr }

{% Aside 'warning' %}

> In Manifest V3, `XMLHttpRequest` is not supported in Service Workers.
> Please consider using its modern replacement, `fetch()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`XMLHttpRequest()` is not supported in Service Workers.
Use its modern replacement, `fetch()`.
```

Reviewer: I made this suggestion because XHR not supported service workers at all. Fetch was created so that it didn't need to. "Please consider using" makes it sound as though there's a choice.

into it, which may be malicious.

```js

> var xhr = new fetch();

Reviewer: `XMLHttpRequest()` and `fetch()` have very different surfaces. You'll need to rewrite the the whole sample.

Reviewer 2: +1

into it, which may be malicious.

```js
const fetchValue = await fetch("https://api.example.com/data.json");
const jsonData = await fetchValue.json();
// WARNING! Might be evaluating an evil script!

> const result = eval(jsonData);

Reviewer 2: Do we even need this section? eval is no longer supported in MV3.

cc @jpmedley

Reviewer: Even if it was still supported, why would evaluate JSON?

Reviewer 2: Please remove as it doesn't make sense in MV3.
